README.md, before:

# Super Devpack

A configurable webpack development server, geared for React and Hot Module Reloading.

## Installation

```
$ npm install superdevpack
```

## Usage

```
$ superdevpack -h

  Usage: superdevpack [options] [command]


  Commands:

    start       Start development server
    build       Production build
    help [cmd]  display help for [cmd]

  Options:

    -h, --help  output usage information
```

## What's inside?

* Babel 6
* React preset
* ES2015 preset
* stage-0 preset
* legacy decorator syntax
* React HMRE + redbox
* Webpack loaders
  * babel-loader
  * css-loader
  * file-loader
  * script-loader
  * style-loader
  * url-loader

## Customize webpack configuration

If you include a `webpack.config.js` file in your project root, superdevpack will pick it up and merge it into its default configuration. You can either export an object to merge, or a function to replace the configuration.

```
// webpack.config.js

module.exports = {} // object contents are merged into base configuration

module.exports = function(config) {
  // override/replace any configuration and return the new configuration
  return config
}
```

Commit message:

added example for using superdevpack with custom application

README.md, after:

# Super Devpack

A configurable webpack development server, geared for React and Hot Module Reloading.

## Installation

```
$ npm install superdevpack
```

## Usage

```
$ superdevpack -h

  Usage: superdevpack [options] [command]


  Commands:

    start       Start development server
    build       Production build
    help [cmd]  display help for [cmd]

  Options:

    -h, --help  output usage information
```

## What's inside?

* Babel 6
* React preset
* ES2015 preset
* stage-0 preset
* legacy decorator syntax
* React HMRE + redbox
* Webpack loaders
  * babel-loader
  * css-loader
  * file-loader
  * script-loader
  * style-loader
  * url-loader

## Customize webpack configuration

If you include a `webpack.config.js` file in your project root, superdevpack will pick it up and merge it into its default configuration. You can either export an object to merge, or a function to replace the configuration.

```js
// webpack.config.js

module.exports = {} // object contents are merged into base configuration

module.exports = function(config) {
  // override/replace any configuration and return the new configuration
  return config
}
```

## Use with existing Express app

Calling `superdevpack()` will return an Express app ready to handle webpack and hot module reloads. Use this if you need to integrate into an existing application.

```js
var superdevpack = require('superdevpack')

var app = superdevpack({
  middleware: [],            // middleware to prepend
  fallback: '/index.html',   // file to load if nothing matches
  static: true               // load static assets from config.output.path
})
app.listen(3000)
```
